W-16759088-editing-Funtions&Formats-2.8-dm (#389)
mulesoft/docs-dataweave: modules/ROOT/pages/dw-runtime-types.adoc

| EvalResult
| `type EvalResult = Result<EvalSuccess, ExecutionFailure&#62;`

> | Data type of the data that returns when a `eval` function executes.

Author: Needs to be reverted in data-weave repo.

> | Data type of the data that returns when a `eval` function executes.

Author: ```suggestion
| Data type of the data that returns when an `eval` function executes successfully.
```

| RunResult
| `type RunResult = Result<RunSuccess, ExecutionFailure&#62;`

> | Data type of the data that returns when a `run` function executes.

Author: Needs to be reverted in data-weave repo.

> | Data type of the data that returns when a `run` function executes.

Author: ```suggestion
| Data type of the data that returns when a `run` function executes successfylly.
```
